Brian is an all-around cool guy he runs
a nonprofit summer camp raises three
kids with his wife and just look at him
wholesome but spending all that time on
other people means he hasn't had any
time to work on himself and because of
that his setup is bad except what this
looks great are you lying to me no no
the other setup's over there oh oh my
God what happened here it's not that bad
it's pretty bad man
don't worry Brian I'm sure that the
setup doctor has a plan I'm sure he
does sorry guys yeah I'd be there if I
could um no worries uh reys and I were
super confident and I'm sure that
nothing will go wrong I'm like stressed
out I didn't know that I would have such
a visceral emotional
reaction some stuff might go wrong but
the gain will be worth the pain we got
big plans bad cable management it's
disease and someone's got to cure it
that's why lonus became the setup doctor
brought to you by ug green backing up
your files has never been easier than
with their Nas sync dxp 4800 plus Nas no
matter your skill level the dxp 4800
plus allows you to quickly store up to
112 terab of data learn more and get 20%
off for Black Friday until December 2nd
by checking the link in the description
hi my name is Brian I am one of the
directors at a summer camp and I've been
doing this for 12 years or so we have
three kids who are under the age of
eight and we have busy lives so that's
my space that I go to work on things and
not a lot else I go in there and I
tinker and I leave and I don't spend a
lot of time making it look
nice I do want to know like what is this
this is my first computer how old is
this thing this computer is age yourself
yeah age yourself this computer is
probably like 20 something years old I
mean it it it looks it no no no not at
all it looks young and spry capable but
enough about your old computer what is
this new computer this is 10 years newer
than that one is okay new new to you I
guess this is like our Home Server AKA
this is your server of backup hard drive
I don't know if You' follow the channel
too much but you know that like we have
servers lonus has servers and they break
all the time and they're closed but this
way if it breaks I can fix it the camp I
work at is nonprofit so we can never
ever afford Tech so we just inherit
people's old computers and then put them
in our office and use them but less than
10 years old less than 15 some of them
are less than 10 years old that's that's
pretty good it seems like you got a lot
of stuff you got like a power supply a
like was that an oscilloscope or that's
a multimeter yeah the oscilloscope is
over here but I don't know how to use
they're like handheld now how old is
this stuff uh very old my dad gave me
this he he's an electrician oh okay he
built and designed this from scratch for
me so wait what yeah he built he made
that see see look it's Brian that's so
cool just looking at this place one
thing I think that you lack is small
organization we got lots of big shelves
but you also just have like a CPU just
out and about when it's organized I come
in and I go I don't know what to do now
okay well we're going to fix that we're
going to we're going to teach you how to
be organized many have tried and many
have failed this series is all about
failing and learning from that failure
I'm worried because there's so
many I'm like stressed out I didn't know
that I would have such a visceral
emotional reaction One keyboard uh uh uh
two keyboards uh uh uh I put the third
one in there three keyboards uh uh uh
that's Ram is
DDR it's not ddr2 it's just DDR would
you like a
Pentium oh my God how old is that
logically this doesn't really make sense
to me but now that we've removed the
stuff from it it looks smaller it does
actually look way smaller um that was my
problem the desk was just too
small okay I'm going to be real with you
Brian that is not the only problem
here's what I see you have a lot of
stuff but no suitable place to put it
all which is why it's all over your desk
so to remedy this we're going to build
storage into as many parts of the setup
as possible new desk withdrawers walls
those are going to get pegboards we're
going to move your floating shelf over
to make room for get this bigger shelf
and this table on the left is going to
turn into a rollable flex space with get
this storage oh and we also threw in a
ton of extra goodies for you all right
boys let's get to it or rather you guys
are going to get to
it that's very heavy by the way
nothing's too heavy for me ah
okay we're good I only I only scraped
the top layer of
skin proba I have these drawers here and
then oh yeah we got we got all the space
we need now that we know that everything
fits we're going to start doing some
drilling great is this shelf only held
up with like two screws or something uh
three okay
[Music]
perfect
hey I put a level on top to level it and
never took it off never took it off all
right we're done the cable we done yeah
thank you so much Brian your cable
management upgrade is done it looks so
much better in here you good you can
tell from the cinder blocks how level
the floor is yeah this is um just don't
look at the corner don't look at don't
look at the lines yeah Brian can you
explain this networking situation to me
this is our router the Brown Line comes
from a building over there which the
internet comes from outside of that and
then the blue line goes into our house
and there's a Wi-Fi rotor and a switch
in our house and that goes to the places
the plan is we're going to leave this
kind of as it is we might do something
to py it up a little bit and we can
leave this up there yeah you don't have
good Wi-Fi in here though because your
actual wireless router is on the other
side of this concrete brick okay so I
think we can deal with that cuz I think
we can get you a small router for like
they'll just put on the same network
that big old power bar is that going to
go under that depends on what you want
to do it cuz I I also understand that
like you want to have easy access to
just unplug and plug stuff and if that
plug is there then I think we could put
the power under and then and then that
can be like your modular your permanent
plugs are under here and then when you
need an extra thing you can just put it
in the top yeah that s great scus that's
the Ikea Peg boards the reason I went
with these is because on like
thingiverse or printables there's just
tons and tons of custom 3D printed stuff
that works exactly with this so if you
have to hang like anything that you ever
could imagine somebody's probably made a
plan and you already got that 3D printer
on your desk you'll be able to easily
print some stuff didn't you actually do
any print any stuff I did oh they
probably in a bin over there it's almost
like it's almost like we planned this
I'm not going to say the thing I was
about to say I'm not going to do was
gonna say let's get Pagan I definitely
drilled the holes for where the uh for
where the things are not the so I've
watched all the videos where Elijah puts
extra holes in so I now let the
homeowners drill holes in their wall is
this part of this no this is a computer
test bench that we just grabbed for you
so instead of having to swap parts in
and out of a chassis you can just have
functioning Parts on here take whatever
you want out of the computer test on
here or plug anything in and it'll save
you a lot of time and uh look a little
bit
cleaner while re is going to keep
working in the workshop I'm going to
come in here and help cable manage this
setup now it looks pretty clean on the
top so good job thank you underneath
though you don't look under the we could
use a little bit of work you know so
we're going to just tidy some things up
for you and uh make sure that works
using our handy dandy magnetic Cable
Management arches have you seen this
stuff I'm sure
big fan he watch the first doctor video
too feel free to look through it this is
our big huge supply chest we brought
more than we'd ever need are these your
headphones uh yeah those are my
headphones yes how do they they work
fine they don't even well they don't
work when they don't play music through
them oh I
see I mean like they don't even sit on
your ears they like well they sit on my
ears do they
probably basically we just made a big
massive tool kit full of every possible
length of like every type of cable cuz a
lot of what solves your cable management
problems is just having the right length
of cable it's not necessary a lot of
times you just want to do what you can
with what you got but having the right
length makes your life a lot easier we
just took the paper off of the magnetic
plate that we're going to put on here
that's about where we want it to be now
it's held in there now we're going to
just quickly take our screws and put
them into the back of the desk don't
worry Brian said that this is okay just
like that we'll take all her
cables put them in and boom Oh it's so
nice and then because they're not like
velcroed or tied down or anything if he
wants to adjust his monitor or move it
these will just pull through nicely
should probably vacuum under there but
outside of that it'll be really easy cuz
there's no cables in the way what's
funny is I did vacuum up to the cables
yeah oh wow hey look at that that's up
safe and secure it's absolutely
100% never going to fall this is amazing
this looks so much better already it
actually really does so excited for you
and just like that so we we chose a
white a white tabletop it only comes in
a that size in white but that doesn't
matter because we have an LT mod mat
that's going to be nice and cover most
of the top got everything you'd ever
want to know about computers I will
never wonder what size a fan is ever
again that's great I will say that we
don't go back so far back as to have
respects for DDR but we do have three
onwards so that's good where you want it
I don't know if this is where I want it
so it's okay where it is uh yeah I think
you're good come up Reese we we'll move
it later if we want thank God so I guess
it's kind of time to start putting stuff
back getting your setup organized so you
can take your
screwdrivers that's a LTT screwdriver
specific one it's designed exactly for
us and then we got a bunch of extra
hooks so whenever you if if you ever
need like one more thing to hang yeah
you can just go print them off for like
5 10 cents each like they're cheap
perfect this is your this is your server
right this is my server yeah what do you
got in there for like a CPU and Stu uh
this is an
i52400 oh yeah guess what yeah we're
upgrading your whole server too oh
that's amazing with this new ug green
Nas sync dxp 4800 plus so it's a 4bay
Nas system but on top of that you get
two pcie gen 4x4 slots for m.2 mvme
storage and a 5 Core 12 gen Intel
Pentium gold 8505 that provides great
performance and thanks to the easily
accessible back panels you can upgrade
your ddr5 sodm should you find that the
included 8 GB isn't enough you can even
use the operating system of your choice
or take advantage of ug Green's own
software which has awesome features like
AI categorization of your photos which
runs locally on the nas of course and
with support for Docker containers you
can run pretty much anything you'd want
you have an SD card a USBC a USB 3.2
port and on the back you have even more
you got 10 gig ethernet a 2.5 gig Port
more USB HDMI and then an easy clean
filter for the fan that is behind the
back PL amazing this thing is sick you
I'm honestly very jealous of you I kind
of like this I am jealous of me and look
at how much smaller it is yeah well I
mean but this yes you're right it's much
smaller what we going say what we going
to say this has a certain appeal to it
but this is very pretty it has a certain
yeah uh it has a certain appearance like
I want to put this one in my house you
can put this anywhere it's is pretty my
wife you know what else is nice ug green
has a phone app that you can use to
access this remotely it's super easy
works really really well as well as it
automatically sets up on your network to
be remotely accessible it was the
easiest setup Reese you set it up right
I plugged it in yeah oh
yeah mean it like just worked I could
access it on the network what we're
going to do is that we're going to be
able to toss it up here make sure you
toss it keep it up yeah it's light too
we're going to try and use the power bar
keys that we normally use for power bars
but these uh these keys are a bit too
bit too thick so we decided to use the
power brick holders stra them to the
bottom and they're good to go it's
actually a bigger power bar so the
bigger magnets will actually kind of
work our favorite uh I got you a new
router like a little if you wanted Wi-Fi
out here this just plugged into your
router sweet so I figured we just toss
it up here tidy this area up a little
bit make it a little bit less Ugo or
hide it behind the ug green nass or
something yeah I just don't see how this
is a good place to put this in this in
this exact scenario do you just put it
against the wall like with a like the
the double-sided magnet part you know
what I'm saying that might be it I do
want to give it some slack yeah so that
if you need to like pull the nass a
little bit otherwise it has a I mean it
has a barrel Jack is it yeah yeah that's
no problem then we'll do that we'll
magnet it to the wall I also got you
speakers seriously yeah oh that's
awesome so that you can listen to Tunes
yeah these are amazing edifier r280 DBS
they are great simple budget speakers
bookshelf uh they're powered these ones
have Bluetooth so you can connect it to
your phone or whatever if you have it
with your laptop however you want to do
that as well as it has speaker wire and
uh just RCA they're great great budget
speakers there
wow that's fun is that all the slack we
got how much more do you need like
literally like an inch oh I don't know
if I can do that oh oh oh and we're in
that wasn't at the cost of a hideous
wire just on the wall up there was it
yeah
no are you saying that because it's true
or cuz that's what you think I want to
hear
no do the dance
sounds great it sounds amazing heck yeah
oh this is going to be so perfect on
your desk when if you have a when we
have a little
like that's so ad little cute little guy
we can have a little charger on your
desk you can place your phone but if
you're on the go there also a magnetic
battery pack does the same thing but
also can be a
kickstand all right it was a long day
but we're finally made done and holy cow
does it look so much
better all right I can't wait to see how
this turned
[Music]
out dude you guys do your best work when
I'm not around to
[Music]
supervise look at this there's barely
any cables under there but everything's
nicely managed if you need to like hook
up your computer you just pull those out
we got the new desk
tons of storage that
pegboard he's got our new modmat got the
mag safe charger there we got your new
speakers so you can jam out while you're
in here and this new shelf that holds
all of your computers so neat and tidy
yes if you do and I know you know it's
easy to fall into Old Habits you're not
going to right no no everything's going
to be clean forever everything will be
like this yes at least in here I don't
care what you do any other room but this
one needs to stay clean for you I won't
even use it that's perfect that's what
you want and if you do decide to use it
and make it messy eventually you have
this nice little extra movable table
that you can bring on over if you need a
little bit extra work space or for
anything else and it's got even more
storage in
there I mean it's still obviously a
functional space you know like there's a
lot of kind of stuff on the shelves but
at least he's got enough shelves to put
everything on it's amazing what a
Difference Maker a little bit of
organized storage can be this is great
yeah great job you guys doesn't it feel
good it feels great this is amazing
thank you oh yeah and also we got your
ug green Nas how can we forget about
them thanks again ug green for
sponsoring this video whether it's a Nas
or a portable battery bank or just a
cute little charger they got something
for all of your charging needs check
them out in the link in the description
especially the nas the NASA is really
really cool I'm very excited about it
thanks for watching if you liked this
video why don't you watch a previous
episode of the setup doctor it's just as
fun and it's pretty dang cool and REE is
in it and everyone loves ree look at him
hi and thank you Brian for having us out
here yeah thanks for coming in doing
this for me I really appreciate it bye
bye thank you thanks you green